Zhang Qiaoqian, this seat asks you one thing
Find a way to put the fifth piece tonight
And then...
Mother, why bother?
On this stage
Even if it is just right, it cannot kill the business machine
With my strength
Where are you? Are you ready?
How can I teach you a partial calendar?
Lions also have rights
Do things or do things
Do it
Zhang Xiaoqian, I will send someone to cooperate on this matter.
If you can kill the business class
I'll let Lin Feng take your business
Big city rest assured
Qian'er will live up to her trust
Sister Yan'er, just wait for death obediently
Be a stepping stone for me, Zhang Xiaoqian, to join the wealthy family
Black chicken, you were really too impulsive just now.
How did you promise to go to war with them?
Forget about Zhang Qiaoqian
He belongs to the same second-grade realm as him
But that Zhao Lingfeng is a third-grade realm
How can you beat him?
Your life will be in danger on the stand
Master, don't worry.
I have confidence.
Go and rest
I'm going to practice
Hey this kid
Why is your temper so hard?
Master, welcome back to the original space
Qitian ancestors
Please open the second original treasure
Okay, the second primordial treasure opens
Kirin ancestors
What is this?
This is Taishang Hunyuan base casting order.
After taking it, it can help the owner perfect the foundation.
Cultivate into Taishang Primordial Body
Taishan Chaos
After this Supreme Primordial Body is completed
Excellent bone talent
Not only can it be invulnerable
More able to store the same realm in the body
10 times more spiritual power
After Tarzan Chaos
Isn't it possible to achieve invincibility?
Even fighting across borders is
This Tarzan chaos
And it lives up to its reputation.
I feel something inside me right now.
It's 10 times more than it used to be.
Kirin 3 times
Or the third original treasure you hit
Master, you have obtained an extraordinary martial weapon
From Now On
You can easily rest and succeed in any practice
I do feel like my mind is sharper.
More than that
owner
This world cultivation method is divided into exercises and secret techniques
Cultivation techniques are used to break through realms
Secret arts for combat
And this cultivation method secretary is divided into the fourth rank of heaven and earth Xuanhuang
There is a huge gap between the exercises
Practice better exercises, and break through faster
Practice a better secretary
To have more powerful combat power
I see
The Cultivation Method of Xiuxun in Later
It is the lowest level of the yellow rank technique
Hou Rizong has always lived on the battlefield
It turns out that from the most fundamental practice method
It's different from those big ones.
Master doesn't have to worry about you gaining extraordinary understanding
It not only increases your comprehension a hundredfold
You can also let the master secretary according to the existing practice method
Derive a more powerful unique technique
Zhang Xiaoqian
And Lin Xiyue
Wait for me.